build: Add unit test build control through `BUILD_TESTING` and `YSTDLIB_CPP_BUILD_TESTING` flags; Support CTest through Catch2 functions. (#30)
y-scope/ystdlib-cpp: README.md

Reviewer: Lets add a small section to `##Testing` that explains the behaviour of `BUILD_TESTING` and `YSTDLIB_CPP_BUILD_TESTING` (currently we never mention that we respect `BUILD_TESTING`). ~2 sentences is probably enough, no need to go into a lot of detail.

Author: ok

task test-<lib_name>
```

> The default behaviors for ystdlib-cpp unit test building are:
> * As a top-level project, unit tests are built.
> * When included as a subproject, the parent-scope `BUILD_TESTING` flag (true /false/undefined) is
>   strictly respected.
> If you do not wish to build unit tests under any circumstances, you can override the default
> behaviors by setting CMake option `YSTDLIB_CPP_BUILD_TESTING` to `OFF`.
> 
> As a top-level CMake project, `ystdlib-cpp` always builds unit tests. When included as a subproject,
> it respects the parent-scope `BUILD_TESTING` flag. In either case, you can turn off unit test
> building by setting option `YSTDLIB_CPP_BUILD_TESTING` to off.

Reviewer: You forgot to remove the old text and there is an extra space in the 2nd bullet. I also realized we probably shouldn't say `OFF` directly since cmake supports a handful of true/false values.

Here is my suggestion to simplify the text:
```suggestion
When generating testing target the CMake variable `BUILD_TESTING` is followed, unless overruled by
setting `YSTDLIB_CPP_BUILD_TESTING` to false. By default, if built as a top-level project
`BUILD_TESTING` will be set to true and unit tests will be built.
```
